{"Walter's home and high school": "Walter's home is a modest, suburban one-story house with a small front yard and a white picket fence. The interior is clean but showing signs of wear and age, with photographs of his family adorning the walls. The high school where Walter teaches is a large, somewhat outdated building with crowded hallways, faded lockers, and multiple classrooms. The chemistry lab is filled with beakers, flasks, and outdated equipment, reflecting the lack of funding for the school.", 'Safe house': "A nondescript, abandoned warehouse in a desolate part of town. The inside is dimly lit, with makeshift lab equipment scattered around and a lingering chemical smell in the air. The floors are stained and dirty, with various containers and bags of supplies pushed against the walls. It's a place where secrecy and illegal activities are prioritized over cleanliness and comfort.", "Walter's home": 'A small, modest suburban house with fading paint and a well-tended garden. Inside, the rooms are cluttered with family photos and knick-knacks, showing evidence of a once-happy family life. The house has a cramped, lived-in feeling, with a small, outdated kitchen and a makeshift chemistry lab set up in the garage.', 'Various locations around the city': 'The city is a mix of industrial areas, suburban neighborhoods, and sketchy corners where crime lurks. Abandoned warehouses and rundown motels serve as temporary meth labs, while the streets are lined with fast-food joints and pawnshops. The high school where Walter teaches is a sprawling, underfunded institution, and his modest family home is tucked away in a quiet, tree-lined neighborhood.', 'Various locations in the criminal underworld': 'Gritty, dimly lit streets and alleyways with graffiti on the walls, the sound of sirens in the distance, and the constant air of danger and tension. Abandoned warehouses converted into clandestine drug labs, with makeshift equipment and chemicals strewn about. Seedy motels and rundown bars, where criminals make deals and betrayals unfold.', "Prison and Walter's family home": "A drab, overcrowded prison with barred windows and the constant sound of clanging metal doors. Prisoners in orange jumpsuits roam the halls, and guards watch with a wary eye. In contrast, Walter's family home is a modest, well-kept suburban residence, with a green manicured lawn, cozy living room, and a secret basement laboratory where Walter and Jesse cook their methamphetamine.", "Walter's home and criminal locations": "Walter's home is a modest, suburban house with a well-kept lawn and a small garage where he initially experiments with producing methamphetamine. The criminal locations Walter and Jesse navigate include seedy motels, abandoned warehouses, and remote desert areas, where they cook and distribute their product while trying to avoid detection from both the law and rival criminals.", 'Desert location': 'A vast, desolate expanse of desert stretches out in all directions, with the sun beating down mercilessly from above. The ground is a mixture of sand and loose gravel, with the occasional tumbleweed blowing through. In the distance, a few cacti and desert shrubs dot the landscape, providing minimal shelter from the harsh environment. The air is dry, hot, and carries a faint scent of dust and sagebrush.'}